Add X447 DP11 Fuel Performance Model Powered by Database Integration (#476)
idaholab/virtual_test_bed: doc/content/sfr/ebr2_x447_dp11/dp11_models.md

| Fission Gas Release | [`ADSimpleFissionGasViscoplasticityStressUpdate`](https://mooseframework.inl.gov/bison/source/materials/solid_mechanics/SimpleFissionGasViscoplasticityStressUpdate.html) | Fission gas release model for [!ac](SFR) metallic fuels is handled by the fission gas swelling model |
| Hot Pressing | [`ADUPuZrHotPressingStressUpdate`](https://mooseframework.inl.gov/bison/source/materials/solid_mechanics/UPuZrHotPressingStressUpdate.html) | Computes the inelastic strain of UPuZr metallic fuel due to hot pressing |
| Sodium Logging | [`ADUPuZrSodiumLogging`](https://mooseframework.inl.gov/bison/source/materials/UPuZrSodiumLogging.html) | Computes the local fractional amount of sodium logging that can be used to evaluate thermal conductivity recovery |

The following material and behavioral models for the +HT9 cladding+ were used in this VTB model:

| Cladding Performance Behavior | BISON Model | Description |
| :- | - | :- |
| Elasticity | [`ADHT9ElasticityTensor`](https://mooseframework.inl.gov/bison/source/materials/solid_mechanics/HT9ElasticityTensor.html) | Elastic mechanical properties for HT9 |

> | Creep Deformation | [`ADHT9CreepUpdate`](https://mooseframework.inl.gov/bison/source/materials/solid_mechanics/HT9CreepUpdate.html) | Irradiation creep and thermal creep (including primary, secondary and tertiary stages) correlation of HT9 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Creep Deformation | [`ADHT9CreepUpdate`](https://mooseframework.inl.gov/bison/source/materials/solid_mechanics/HT9CreepUpdate.html) | Irradiation creep and thermal creep (including primary, secondary and tertiary stages) correlations for HT9 |
```

> | Volumetric Swelling | Neglected | +Volumetric Swelling+ of HT9 is neglected. As a tempered martensitic steel, HT9 does not swell as prominent as its austenitic stainless steel counterparts (i.e., 316SS and D9). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Volumetric Swelling | Neglected | +Volumetric Swelling+ of HT9 is neglected. As a tempered martensitic steel, HT9 does not swell as prominently as its austenitic stainless steel counterparts (i.e., 316SS and D9). |
```
